Explicitly repeat to include the `/admin` part in transfer URLs examples (#1827)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/dev-docs/data-management/transfer.md

  1. Start the Strapi server for the destination instance.
  2. In a new terminal window, navigate to the root directory of the source instance.

>   3. Run the following minimal command to initiate the transfer (don't forget to append /admin to the URL):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. Run the following minimal command to initiate the transfer, ensuring `destinationURL` is the full URL to the admin panel (i.e., the URL includes the `/admin` part):
```
